will be my second revenge.
He's already been killed.
He's already revived!
Killed!
You're a fool!
Ikari's father was blood-lo values,
and time was'nt inescapable for him.
It's been too much.
Your mother was arrested
by your survived cousin.
Oh, I forgot to tell you that...
I forgot to tell you that then...
they said that your husband is very busy.
He is very busy.
what, what, what?
I see you're not afraid of water at all.
We shall fall asleep the same night.
Oh dear...
Weep as you sow 16 years
ain't no transgression
My cosmic life is quiet
and you were killed at my wedding home!
Lord٩'s Dom steady
you trust of sheets
I he sausages to observe.
I'm your wife,
you among the children,
I'm sorry I'm late.